music is a huge part of almost
everybody's life your favorite music can
make you feel happy
inspired and according to psychologists
even reveal deep secrets about your
personality
but before you learn more be sure to hit
subscribe and ring this notification
bell
to never miss a thing on the bright side
of life
back to the surprising connection
between music and
character during a study conducted at
hero watt university
more than 36 000 participants were asked
to rate different music genres
and provide information about different
aspects of their personality
after analyzing all the results
specialists found that people who love
the same musical styles
also possess similar personality traits
[Music]
so i have only one question for you
what's your favorite genre of music
it's time to find out what it says about
you
[Music]
number one pop if you're a huge fan of
pop music
you're probably extroverted hard-working
and
pretty honest you love to meet new
people
and get into new and exciting adventures
and ideas
you're also very likely to have quite
high self-esteem
and there's nothing wrong with that
[Music]
you know exactly who you are and who you
are not
and you don't feel the need to prove
yourself to anybody
you're also very driven and ambitious
with clear goals for your future
and you're prepared to work hard to make
your dreams
a reality however
pop music lovers have their flaws too
the researchers suggest that they tend
to be a bit less creative than others
this is because they often look at
things from a practical point of view
and this quality definitely helps them
on their way to success
number two rock
a lot of people perceive rock as
aggressive and
heavy music so it's interesting that
people who love it are way more
introverted
dreamy and romantic than you may think
if rock and roll is your kind of music
you're extremely creative and intuitive
rock lovers see the world as a platform
of endless possibilities
and are interested in mastering many
things at once
they have their romantic side too
[Music]
even though they rarely fall in love
when they do
they love deeply and are ready to do
anything to make their partner happy
appreciating rock above other genres
also shows that you're a flexible person
who can quickly adapt to any situation
and make the best of it
nonetheless this type of person can have
self-esteem problems
as they often focus on their
imperfections and have a tendency to be
way
too harsh on themselves
[Music]
number three hip-hop if your playlist
mostly consists of rap and hip-hop music
you're probably highly extroverted and
outgoing
rap lovers are often the life of the
party as they have outstanding social
skills
and can find common ground with both
extroverts and
introverts that's why whenever their
social life suddenly dies down
they can feel empty and even depressed
unlike rock lovers those who appreciate
rap and hip hop music
think concretely rather than intuitively
[Music]
they trust their senses and focus their
attention on facts
they also have pretty high self-esteem
which can easily
become a bad trait as they can sometimes
act in an arrogant and
entitled manner still
most of the time rap lovers are the ones
who entertain the whole crowd
and attract people with their undeniable
charisma
number four electronic
if you can't stop listening to
electronic music you're
probably a social butterfly who has
strong opinions
it rarely compromises
electronic music lovers are often big
fans of going to concerts and music
festivals
[Music]
just like hip-hop fans they're realists
who use their senses to explore the
world around them
they're brutally honest and that can
sometimes get them into trouble
they rarely mean to offend anybody
though
they simply prefer the bitter truth to a
sweet lie
moreover they're extremely passionate
about their ideas
opinions and beliefs and they'll never
do anything that goes against their
moral code
the truth is that it's not easy to get
along with them
but if you do you'll get the most loyal
fierce
and fun friend ever
number 5. indy it's no secret that more
and more people are getting interested
in indie music
as well as bands and artists with an
unconventional sound
if you're one of those people who
constantly searches for new indie gems
you're probably an introverted but
highly creative
intellectual and when i say creative
i mean creative
[Music]
indie lovers are certainly the most
creative of all music genre types
they know how to think outside of the
box and find simple but
innovative solutions in a heartbeat
[Music]
this makes them powerful leaders and
masters of brainstorming
there's only one thing that holds them
back themselves
they can be pretty lazy and passive and
often prefer to wait for a problem to
solve itself
additionally they're prone to anxiety
and depression
which can take a real toll on them
nonetheless if they take the time to
fight all their inner demons
they can easily take their rightful
place on top of their game
[Music]
number six country
country music has tons of dedicated fans
all over the world if you're one of them
you are laid back friendly and
responsible
even though country songs often describe
going through a roller coaster of
emotions
most country lovers rarely go through
moot swings and are very
emotionally stable they're the glasses
half-full kind of people
and if you see them sad they most
probably have a good reason for it
people who listen to country music are
also natural caretakers
always trying to make sure that
everybody's happy
so if you ever need advice or a shoulder
to cry on
they're the ones to go to however
despite their friendly nature they can
be pretty shy
and indecisive which can stand in the
way of them achieving
ultimate happiness number
7 jazz if you can't live without jazz or
blues
you're intelligent charming and
traditional
jazz lovers enjoy the simplest things
and put their main focus on
relationships
they develop strong and long-lasting
friendships
and are usually very family oriented
they're quite orderly and neat as well
you won't find
any mess in their house or workspace
when it comes to their social life
people who listen to jazz or blues
are mostly introverts they're extremely
friendly and warm to everyone they meet
but they still need time to really bond
with another person
plus jazz lovers are highly responsible
organized
and trustworthy which makes them
excellent workers
and the kind of loyal partners everyone
wishes to have
number eight dance
according to the research if you enjoy
any type of music you can dance to
you're an outgoing and assertive person
you love all things risky and are
usually the first one to jump off a
cliff
or skydive the things you value most are
your experiences
so any day you spend at home is a total
waste of time for you
this makes you the greatest advocate for
enjoying life to the fullest
and not being afraid of anything
dance music lovers can lack stability
and often find themselves alone at the
end of the day
simply because they rarely open up to
others on a deeper level
maybe you should slow down a bit and
take everything
in sometimes living at a moderate speed
can be way more fulfilling
number nine classical
unfortunately nowadays people almost
never listen to classical music
but if you're one of those rare people
who genuinely love it more than any
other music genre
you're exceptionally smart and confident
you manage a healthy balance between
confidence and arrogance
you're sure of your abilities and are
able to accept yourself with all your
flaws
without putting yourself above others
and this is exactly where your natural
magnetism comes from
you're at ease with yourself oozing a
harmony that draws people to you
classical music lovers are usually
introverts but they're completely
comfortable with it
plus just like rock lovers they're
really creative
and are often engaged in poetry drawing
acting
or any other activity that allows them
to express themselves
so what's your favorite genre of music
and why
tell us in the comment section below
don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe
stay on the bright side
you